Jiang Zai is about to be destroyed because of your slander
You still have a job here taking care of this old thing
You keep your mouth clean for me
What do you want?
Can'er, they are just not
You can't do anything to them.
I know you are now taking revenge on Jiang Zai
You can do anything.
But you raised me and now I'm seriously ill
If you don't know Huacan Group, explain it clearly.
Dad will interrupt your adoptive mother's treatment
He won't live then
What are you doing?
Treatment can be broken if you say it is broken.
Dr. Zhao, do you remember?
It's Dr. Zhao, the beast who reversed black and white
What animal Dr. Zhao
He was your foster mother's attending physician
If you don't obey, you will stop the treatment
What are you forcing Cang'er to explain?
Don't go if you don't want to
Don't compromise because of mom
I don't want to be a burden to you.
Mom, what are you talking about?
You won't be a burden to me
Don't think about it. Hmm.